so yes who inspired you to create your
tone Wow I mean that changes you know
Eddie Van Halen was a big inspiration
cuz I mean so many non guitar like
sounds so creative and hammer-ons were
so beautiful sounding without the
percussive pinch picking and then of
course Tom Morello very inspirational
and in and then even the corn guys you
know we grew up in well when we were in
band club bands in the same city
Huntington Beach and seeing those guys
being so creative with their tongues
it's just something I've always been
into so when did you stop playing with
the buzz about it
almost a year ago come on I'm out of
here yeah ten minutes or so yeah so what
do you what do you do to create your
tone your sound I just usually I just
have it's about two track it's about how
any tap tone sounds in the track
I mean sometimes like I'll sit down with
pedals and just turn knobs and it's the
combination of those notes with that
tone of the pedal that determines if
it's cool or not and it might inspire
you to write a new idea oh you know this
note would display on your own or
whatever is really cool a lot of times
though if I'm writing those kind of
parts can be you'll have your foundation
maybe your course and your rhythm and
your baseline or whatever and then those
the tones that are the guitar parts that
require sound design and tone I can do
those in the track while recording and
like start turning knobs and you see how
it sits with everything I think that's a
very important part is to I think
sometimes sometimes you see maybe
beginners and those to make cool tone
anomalistic outfits with the rest
just it's all about me you really have
to hear what's going on it's like a
symphony doing your violence and to
button everything else that is right
place you know so what about amps and do
you okay well with uh I have used
Marshalls on some of the stuff I do with
MPD and his marshals and they come into
this position with corn I wanted to
basically just I want to capture the
corn sound and that's a basically so
that's what my Luckies use it now and
that's what I use it to as I just want
to come in and stay true to corn and
what it's sold like 40 million records
so it's about capturing what they yeah
perfected you know what about live
victim well live because coming in this
job I wanted to keep it really simple I
have to do a lot of sound design things
so I went to the G system in my opinion
there's a lot of effects processors out
there and messing with them over the
years they tend to get noisy and the
quality of effects isn't as good but TC
has always been a really quality product
and so I wanted to get something that
could simply switch my channels and turn
on a course and the delay in a reverb
and vibrato all the flick of a button it
was it was the jeesus and that works
really well for me and then what I want
to add stuff to it it's very easy
because I have to loose and I didn't
have to get into building this big giant
rig because you know with corn wool we
just played it we played a Download
Festival and the next day we were
playing in Prague the gear can't keep up
you know so you have to have something
that's very easy to transport so do do
work on developing your home
and your use of effects for the years or
do have you like you use the same things
I don't understand I mean I have
favorites I'm not I'm a or me personally
I'll go I can do a lot with a delay
allow me to law I just I should have a
lot of fun bitches and those pitching
and then vlog is been voicing and delay
lets me do all sorts of stuff and then
you know with doing the scorn gig it's
taught me a little wrench out a little
deeper into like courses and vibrato and
stuff like that which is really cool too
cuz they use a lot of that stuff did you
have any a geese and won't create the
troll print or was it just like I did
actually have an idea because there was
an old one time I had an Olaf X unit
there's some times I'll take apart and
I'll have it looping on Pro Tools and
I'll just turn to effects and just hear
that sometimes like well I would have
never thought that and I had an old one
that I lost I don't even know every
weapon sounds so cool so I was kind of
hoping that's always playing that high
portal part it's an old rip i've never
used for anything but i with the right
fact sounds really cool so that's kind
of what I was going for and thanks for
your help
yeah no problem
do you think that that's creating a
children will maybe ethics in new IDs
like inspire you to do this and you
riffs or well yeah a lot of times
guitarists like myself with like sound
design it can spark a whole new song if
I have a cold tone and then I'll make up
a little cool guitar part it Minds we
have not to compare yourself to Phileas
I wouldn't do that but but edge you know
an edge with you to every party does
this sound design part yeah and you know
the best part in the world with a bad
tone can ruin a song but with the right
tone in there and it makes it incredible
you know I mean we went in there
changing edges sounds all around a lot
of you - sounds songs would not be so
cool you know yeah are you the the
tweeter guy or do just that I'd like to
keep things simple this is like like
good well that's why I don't print stuff
is really cool because now with where
music's gone with people like you know
Skrillex on one end and like even
anybody ended by the day or night mails
people who are taking music and sounds
to extremes
you're always looking for new ways to
five new sounds you know and so you can
spend endless time buying pedals that
have this dynamic range of what they
could do both of these pedals they
obviously can go a lot more places with
it so that's great from a creative
perspective the other thing is too is
you know everybody's recording in the
box so you have all these effects that
are in Pro Tools let's say or waves
plugins and they have a lot of
parameters that you can do that a little
boutique you pedal can't do like a phase
90 by I'm sorry one knob yeah so it's
great pedal but you're limited so this
gives you a lot more opportunity for
creativity and options well it was nice
of them to add thank you it's an honor
to work with DC for sure thanks